c:\users\artem.rydyakov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocMaker\DocMaker\bin\Debug\DocMaker.dll.config
c:\users\artem.rydyakov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocMaker\DocMaker\bin\Debug\DocMaker.dll
c:\users\artem.rydyakov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocMaker\DocMaker\bin\Debug\DocMaker.pdb
c:\users\artem.rydyakov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocMaker\DocMaker\bin\Debug\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
c:\users\artem.rydyakov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocMaker\DocMaker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Win32.Primitives.dll
c:\users\artem.rydyakov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocMaker\DocMaker\bin\Debug\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\artem.rydyakov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocMaker\DocMaker\bin\Debug\System.Console.dll
c:\users\artem.rydyakov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocMaker\DocMaker\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
c:\users\artem.rydyakov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocMaker\DocMaker\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Tracing.dll
c:\users\artem.rydyakov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocMaker\DocMaker\bin\Debug\System.Globalization.Calendars.dll
c:\users\artem.rydyakov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocMaker\DocMaker\bin\Debug\System.IO.Compression.dll
c:\users\artem.rydyakov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocMaker\DocMaker\bin\Debug\System.IO.Compression.ZipFile.dll
c:\users\artem.rydyakov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocMaker\DocMaker\bin\Debug\System.IO.dll
c:\users\artem.rydyakov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocMaker\DocMaker\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\artem.rydyakov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocMaker\DocMaker\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\artem.rydyakov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocMaker\DocMaker\bin\Debug\System.IO.Packaging.dll
c:\users\artem.rydyakov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocMaker\DocMaker\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.dll
c:\users\artem.rydyakov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocMaker\DocMaker\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.dll
c:\users\artem.rydyakov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocMaker\DocMaker\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
c:\users\artem.rydyakov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocMaker\DocMaker\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.dll
c:\users\artem.rydyakov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocMaker\DocMaker\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
c:\users\artem.rydyakov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocMaker\DocMaker\bin\Debug\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
c:\users\artem.rydyakov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocMaker\DocMaker\bin\Debug\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.xml
c:\users\artem.rydyakov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocMaker\DocMaker\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.xml
c:\users\artem.rydyakov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocMaker\DocMaker\obj\Debug\DocMaker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\artem.rydyakov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocMaker\DocMaker\obj\Debug\DocMaker.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\artem.rydyakov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocMaker\DocMaker\obj\Debug\DocMaker.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\users\artem.rydyakov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocMaker\DocMaker\obj\Debug\DocMaker.dll
c:\users\artem.rydyakov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DocMaker\DocMaker\obj\Debug\DocMaker.pdb
